hi guys here I've got my version of
coronation chicken now a little bit of
history coronation chicken was invented
or created in 1953 as a celebration of
the Queen's coronation funnily enough
but over the years it's been diluted and
diluted and you generally see it that
was a bad sandwich filling in a service
station or a supermarket or something
like that and now most people will have
no idea what it should taste like and it
should taste like this it should have
crispy chicken in there a creamy sauce
that some wonderful spices and beautiful
beautiful sweet sultanas make enough for
two people I'll be using two chicken
thigh pivots 150 grams of rice I'm using
basmati here but you could use any
longer in rice of your choice
one little gem lettuce shredded up one
spring onion finely slice
a handful of coriander as probably
around 10 grams 30 grams of late
darkness 30 grams of sultanas which I'm
covering with boiling water which were
help from plum fire to heat tablespoons
of mayonnaise 125 grams of natural
yogurt finally some spices here I've got
a tablespoon of medium curry powder a
tablespoon of turmeric start by getting
your rice on to cook and also adding a
good glug of oil into a frying pan and
then heating that up over a medium flame
and when it's up to temperature pop in
your chicken and cook it on each side
for 8 minutes or until it's crispy
and well they're sizzling away in the
background mixed together your yogurt
mayonnaise and spices
and set aside one shoulder
once the chickens cooked and crispy
maybe a little bit blackened like I've
got here absolutely love that chop it
into slices and pop it into a large bowl
before adding in your cooked rice
spring onions chopped coriander drain
sultanas almonds and the spicy sauce we
made earlier
before mixing it all together
and there you go guys a dish fit for a
queen I'm serving this as a main meal
but it works really great as a kind of
side dish at a summer barbecue or a mini
portion for a starter you can use it in
endless ways to be honest with you
now if you've enjoyed what we make this
be sure to give the video a big thumbs
up don't forget to subscribe to my
channel for the two new recipes I put up
every single week and come back for
seconds
they simply contain some fruit and nuts
cheeky marshmallow covered in yummy
chocolate
really
you